# Introduction and Goals

## Introduction

**DATENKRAKEN** collects data regarding room climate (temperature, humidity, co2, sound level) of different rooms within the digital campus. The collected (and persisted) data is used to propose recommendations (and identify causes) to improve the climate within the rooms via a dashboard in order to achieve optimal studying atmosphere.

A indepth train of thought of our requirements engineering can be found <a href="/indepth/requirements_engineering/#problem-description">here</a>

### Goals
Therefore the goals of this project are:

1. Improve the learning environment
2. Cause identification => Continuous improvement of the environment

## Requirements

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>ID</th>
            <th>Category</th>
            <th>Requirement</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <!-- Functional Requirements -->
        <tr>
            <td>FR.1.1</td>
            <td>Monitoring</td>
            <td>The system must collect room quality data (temperature, CO2 content of the air, humidity, noise level) at regular intervals and make it retrievable.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>FR.2.1</td>
            <td>Analysis / Interpretability</td>
            <td>The system must analyze the collected data and provide current recommendations for action to improve the learning environment.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>FR.2.2</td>
            <td>Analysis / Interpretability</td>
            <td>The system must visually prepare the data for better readability and interpretability.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>FR.3.1</td>
            <td>Operation</td>
            <td>The system must provide the interpretable data and analyses within the DHBW Digital Campus.</td>
        </tr>
        <!-- Non-Functional Requirements -->
        <tr>
            <td>NFR.1.1</td>
            <td>Monitoring</td>
            <td>The system must make the cyclically collected room quality data (and recommendations) retrievable within 5 minutes of collection.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>NFR.1.2</td>
            <td>Monitoring</td>
            <td>The system must persistently store the collected room quality data.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>NFR.1.3</td>
            <td>Monitoring</td>
            <td>The system must provide data of high quality regarding comprehensibility (unit), timeliness (see NFR 1), appropriateness, and correctness.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>NFR.2.1</td>
            <td>Analysis / Interpretability</td>
            <td>The system may only issue truly beneficial (with regard to room climate) recommendations for action.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>NFR.2.2</td>
            <td>Analysis / Interpretability</td>
            <td>The system must clearly distinguish current data from past data.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>NFR.3.1</td>
            <td>Operation</td>
            <td>The system must be fully operable without the use of a keyboard.</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

The train of thought can be found <a href="/indepth/requirements_engineering/">here</a>

Quality Goals
-------------
This chapters references the top 3 quality goals that are chosen to be the most beneficial for the stakeholders. Those are used for implementation based on the SFMEA analysis.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Quality Category</th>
      <th>Quality</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Scenario</th>
      <th>Referenced Failure Mode by RPN (Corrective Actions)</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Monitoring</td>
      <td>Data Quality (NFR.1.1)</td>
      <td>The system must make the cyclically collected room quality data (and recommendations) retrievable within 5 minutes of collection.</td>
      <td>All sensor data must reach the gold layer within 5 minutes starting from the moment when the arduino sends the data.</td>
      <td>FA7, FA9, FA5, FA6, FA12</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Monitoring</td>
      <td>Data Quality (NFR.1.2)</td>
      <td>The database shall have a 95% availability on minutewise status check within 1 week in production.</td>
      <td>In production the database shall be checked regarding its availability (r/w) each minute and achieve a 95% availability.</td>
      <td>FA9, FA12</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Operation</td>
      <td>Accessibility (NFR.3.1)</td>
      <td>The system must be fully operable without the use of a keyboard.</td>
      <td>This holds true to the UI. Therefore a user should be able to use the dashboard without the use of a keyboard.</td>
      <td>None</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

In order to ensure each NFR, corrective measures are described within each FA in <a href="/DATENKRAKEN/indepth/sfmea-analysis/">Chapter: SFMEA</a>. Only exception is NFR.3.1 since it's not dependent on a system failure. NFR.3.1 just ensures a discussed UX guideline regarding the coming UI.

## Stakeholder
The following (most important) stakeholders have been identified:

<table>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>Stakeholder</th>
                <th>Interest</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>Students</td>
                <td>Have an interest in room quality (and thus in improvement through the system to be developed)</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Developers</td>
                <td>Have an interest in project success</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Lecturers</td>
                <td>Have an interest in room quality to ensure optimal teaching</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Study Program Organization Team</td>
                <td>Has an interest in improving room quality to enable optimal teaching</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Partner Company (Student)</td>
                <td>Has an interest in the best possible education for its students</td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
